# https-git.codeocean.com-capsule-0942594
Code for analysing 532 promotion policies from 190 institutions and 58 agencies across 121 countries. Focuses on criteria for promotion to full professorship, highlighting trends in quantitative metrics, regional differences, and structural patterns. Supports insights to inform policy reforms and improve research assessment globally.

This folder contains two data files that are used to replicate the analysis, in comma-separated values format, and a single Stata do-file containing the whole script necessary to replicate the analysis. 

It is recommended that you launch the do-file using Stata version 17 or higher. The code will search on the net and download the additional package "polychoric" (Author: Stas Kolenikov, skolenik@unc.edu). Using Stata, this will run on any operating system. The whole code should take around one minute to run on a standard desktop computer. 

The two CSV files ("number_researchers.csv", containing country-level data, and "data_for_analysis.csv", containing policy-level data) should be placed in a same directory, where all the output generated by the do-file will be automatically stored too. 
Before launching the do-file, please indicate the location and name of this folder on row 5 of the do-file ("commented_code.do"). 
The do-file itself is thoroughly commented at every step.

For further information on the data and coding of variables, and on sources of information, please contact the lead author: Boon Han Lim <limbhan@utar.edu.my>, or the corresponding author: Yensi Flores Bueso <yensi.floresbueso@ucc.ie>
For the data analysis, code, and results, please refer to author Carlo D'Ippoliti <carlo.dippoliti@uniroma1.it>

Thank you for your interest in our work!

The authors


The assessment of research performance is widely seen as a vital tool in upholding the highest standards of quality, with selection and competition believed to drive progress. Specifically, academic institutions need to take critical decisions on hiring and promotion, while facing external pressure by also being subject to research assessment. Here, we present the first truly global outlook on research assessment for career progression with specific focus on promotion to full professorship, based on 532 policies from 190 academic institutions and 58 government agencies from a total of 121 countries, with 75% of these countries being outside of Europe and North America. We not only investigated how frequently various promotion criteria are mentioned, but also carried out a statistical analysis to infer structural commonalities and differences across policies. We find that quantitative methods of assessment remain popular, in agreement with other more geographically-restricted studies [5–9], but they are not omnipresent. We find notable differences between the Global North and the Global South as well as between institutional and national policies, but less so between research disciplines. In particular, a preference for bibliometric indicators is more marked in upper-middle income countries. While we see some variation, many promotion policies are based on the assumption of specific career paths that become normative rather than embracing diversity. In turn, this restricts opportunities for researchers. Our results challenge current practice and have strategic implications for researchers, research managers, and national governments.
